Evan how tall are you let me have that
binky thank you how tall are you are you
tall you'll run all right hold on here
we go you ready on your marks get set
run good job all right on your marks get
set run where you going buddy where are
you going I come back over here we'll
try it again all right here we go on
your marks get set run
I'm right and I got run out here on your
marks get set run run run run run run
run see yay all right you want hit the
ball get your bad are you can put the
dog food back up good job buddy all
right now hit the ball good job good job
run run run run run safe
alright come back and hit got hit the
ball come on hit it get the bat Wow
good head good hit run run run run run
run run see good hit good hit Wow hit
that ball hit one more time
run run run run oh you're out you never
made to the base Wow hit that ball hit
that ball run run run seif make your day
high five ouch oh man o.o 2fast too fast
no you don't spit you honry back to me
oh so too hard though to me oh good
catch wait a minute good throw is a good
judge to you
left-handed you just throw that
left-handed yeah
you're gonna get some gas you already
got plenty of gas that one funny Evan
Evan where's Evan Evan where's it up oh
no they're his oh well guess I'll just
have to get a new kid hey you want the
ball I don't want ball no ball you want
ball okay here you go daddy's gonna make
one so daddy missed ready missed again
Eddie can't shoot left-handed oh all
right all right say bye-bye